A train is traveling from West to East at a speed of 300 km/h.
The driver applies the brake producing a deceleration of 1.4 m/s^2 in Newtons.
How hard will the man in carriage 7 mash his face into the seat in front of him
and relise most of the problems in his life are created not by external circumstances,
but his own repeated self-sabotage?
Are human tears primarily composed of:
a) water
b) antibodies
c) a quiet admission that all of our plans and dreams will eventually turn to forgotten dust
d) salt
Daniel gets salty at criticism, and admits he is wrong about something: never
In years, how long will it be before he alienates all of his friends with this behaviour
and finds himself entirely alone?
Rachel has chosen to remain alone at home for the evening and drink two litres of red wine.
Please identify the correct chemical formula for consumable alcohol. Is it:
a) C2H6O
b) C2H5OH
c) The 17th time this year Rachel has attempted to solve an issue by
escaping it internally, simultaneously knowing at some point, however painful,
she will have to confront whatever it is that went wrong and why.
If the y axis of this graph is a sense of purpose,
and the x axis is the course of a human lifetime,
please explain this result's significance:
Alice and Pierre are having significant disagreement
Pierre says: Why doesn't Obi-Wan Kenobi remember R2D2 in Star Wars Episode IV?
Alice says: No he did,
because, like, remember when he calls him "my little friend"?
Yeah, but he said he'd never owned a droid before
Because R2D2, was Anakin's
Please study figure 66 of the rest of the world not giving the slightest shit
And relatedly, please study figure 72 of the world before you were borned and the world after you're gone
and the world after everybody is gone
Then please study figure 97 depicting some kind of lucrative interspecies' business venture
don't pretend you've got something better to be doing, you haven't
besides,... shut up!.. They're cute.
Is this angle:
Is this angle: a) acute
Is this angle: b) obtuse
Is this angle: c)reflex
Is this angle: d) the hug we desperately wish we could ask for
but have convinced ourselves that the pain of existence must be carried alone on our backs forever and ever.
Ava and James sometimes interact digitally.
This month James has responded: 4, 3, and 7 days after's Ava's messages
so as to give the impression he is uniterested
despite being infatuated with her.
What is James' median reply time and why he live miserably ever after?
Authur knows people who are nice to him, and people he likes.
Please explain why the only people he pushes away
Are the few who occupy this intersection.
An intersection is a point where two lines cross over.
Will and Claire intersect on a street.
Claire is thinking:
"Do you know that i still love you that i will always love you that i was never as happy as when things were good between us
and i wish it could've worked and i'm just so sorry."
Will is thinking:
"Not a day go by and i don't remember your little and large kindnessess, when i don't remember the new hights
of happiness, when we both climbed together and how sure we were it could never go wrong until it all went wrong and i'm just so sorry."
The lions will not intersect, again.
Why are humans like this?
This year Amelia has suffered a death in the family, a breakup, and several other personal crises.
Calculate her remaining resistance to completely losing it when Christopher says:
"Hey, you look sad. Have you tried going for a run?"
"Have you tried paleo diet?"
"hAvE yOu TrIeD nOt bEiNg sAd?"
"Meh meh meh meh meh meh meh ahhhhhh"
A pine cone is a canonical fruit of the pine tree. It isn't sentinent, but
it also doesn't suffer for possessing sentience.
Therefore, would you rather live as:
a) a pine cone
b) a pine cone or
c) a pine cone
A pine cone experience neither shame,
A pine cone experience neither shame, anxiety
A pine cone experience neither shame, anxiety, nor the long months that turn grey and numb for no conceivable reason.
Using only the terms gnaa and aahhahah explain what a nice condition it must be to be a pine cone.
A pine cone is traveling from west to east at a speed of 300 kilometeres per hour if the driver applies
the brake even if the pine cone bops its head even if the pine cone gets home that night to find
its house burned down or his life in ruins, even if Octalon
Octalon: Custodian of the seven hell realms, manifests in the sky and begins annihilating entire
continents with beams of antimatter fired straight out of his ass.
Please explain why the pine cone will witness and bear these things with ease
and experience no self-contradition, no sadness but merely boundless calm.
For extra marks, please explain why any diety or evolutionary process would curse a species like humans
with a brain just enough to regconize its fucked up but not smart enough to stop
fucking up, and if happiness is your answer, will you please show your workings
And if happiness is your answer, will you please show your workings
and if.....
yeah.
(be a pine cone bois)